what year are you?

how old are you?

you could describe the adults you grew up with as...

you could describe yourself as...

how would you rate your religiousness?

what bests represents your gender?

my partner is a doctor. lately they've been complaining about pain in their right knee and constantly taking tons of ibuprofen to treat (like 15-20 pills a day). however, it's only gotten worse. i've told them they need to see someone about it but they told me it was fine. so i told them that if this is how they treat themself, i'd be concerned about being their patient. they were shocked and told me that was uncalled for. am i a jerk?

i'm a trust fund kid; i get a healthy 'allowance' from my parents, but i mostly sock it away since i don't really feel like i deserve it. i live with my partner, who comes from a poor family, and we split things 50-50. recently, they found out how much money my parents send me each month and freaked out, saying it wasn't fair that i was making them split things 50/50. i told them it was my money, and it only seems fair if we cover half the expenses. am i a jerk?

i saw a poster for a lost cat advertising a 500 dollar reward. i saw the cat, tracked it down, and called the owner. when i met with them, they said there wasn't actually a reward, they had just listed one because they thought it would motivate people to find the cat. i kept the cat until they coughed up the reward money. am i a jerk?

my sibling's nine year old child is poorly behaved. one day, my sibling dropped the child off on my doorstep without my consent and drove off, texting me that they needed me to watch their child for the day. the child complained of being hungry, so i gave them the leftovers i had. they said they didn't like them, but i told them that's all there was. they put them in the microwave until they burned, then told me they couldn't eat them and we would have to go out and get food. i told them that was what there was to eat, and if they ruined it they'd have to wait for their dad to get back. later, everyone yelled at me for 'starving' a child. am i a jerk?

my parents want us to come out for their anniversary, and bought my sibling and i tickets on the same flight. my sibling has two kids - a 6 month old and a 5 year old. they are currently separated from their spouse so they would have to handle 2 children by themself on a 10 hour flight.

they call me up a week or so beforehand and ask me if i will be willing to help them take care of their kids on the flight, and something about taking shifts so we can both sleep. i tell them that i wasn't comfortable with that, but they say "nephew loves you so much" so we can work something out on the flight and hangs up.

when i got to the airport, i chose to upgrade my seat so i could sit by myself and didn't mention it until we were on the plane. my family freaked and told me i abandoned my sibling. am i a jerk?

i'm a single dad with four kids, one of whom has a different parent from the other three. i get a lot of child support for one of them, and none for the other 3. 2/3rds of the child support for the eldest go towards their expenses and college fund. the other third goes towards my other children. my friend recently found out and told me it was inappropriate to use the child support intended for the one on the other three. am i a jerk?

i have a child with a parent who never wanted anything to do with them. i make enough money to cover my expenses, but i constantly check up on the child's parent to make sure they've paying adequate child support. periodically i either hire an investigator or them dad just tells me they got a raise and i go to court to adjust the child support accordingly. the last time i did this, they didn't show up for court and i apparently overestimated how much their raise was and i got a default judgment. they called me up and practically pleaded with me to lower their payments after i said no they insulted me and my child. am i a jerk?

one of my children wants to go to an expensive school to become a dentist. i told them i'd be fine paying for it. the other one wants to go to a similarly expensive school to become a teacher. i told them that i wouldn't pay for them schooling unless they picked a career path that will make at least 100,000 a year. am i a jerk?

i was in a conflict with my father-in-law's partner, in which i made a snide comment about they've never paid child support to their ex. later, they called me and told me if i ever said anything like that ever again they'd sue me for defamation. i took the threat seriously, as they are a lawyer, and uninvited them for our wedding and told my family i couldn't be around them anymore. am i a jerk?

some of my relatives refuse to come to my wedding, since they don't approve of our 'lifestyle'. i would like to donate the money i will save to an lbgtq organization in their name. i’m hoping that i or the organization will be able to send them a receipt/thank you for the donation. would i be a jerk?

my spouse has decided that since they can’t drink because they are pregnant that i can’t either. i planned to take my annual leave from work to take us (and pay for) a trip abroad. i asked my spouse would the drinking rule still be in effect and they said of course. i’ve now decided i won’t be paying for us to take this trip. am i jerk?

my sibling is going to be a groomsman at my wedding. their hair was dyed, but they recently decided to grow it out, so parts of it are bleached and part are not. i told them it wouldn't look good in the pictures, and offered to pay for them to dye it. they said no, and i said they couldn't be in the wedding party. am i a jerk?

